README.md, before:

# Django Address 

**Django models for storing and retrieving postal addresses.** 

---

# Overview
Django Address is a set of models and methods for working with postal addresses.

# Requirements
 * Python (2.7, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8)
 * Django (2.2, 3.0)

We **recommend** and only officially support the latest patch release of each Python and Django series. 

# Installation

Previously a patch for Django was required to make this app work, but as
of 1.7 the patch is no longer needed. Installation is now done as per
usual. The package is installed with:

```bash
pip install django-address
```

Then, add `address` to your `INSTALLED_APPS` list in `settings.py`:

```python
INSTALLED_APPS = (
    ...
    'address',
)
```

You wil need to add your Google Maps API key to `settings.py` too:
```
GOOGLE_API_KEY = 'AIzaSyD--your-google-maps-key-SjQBE'
```

# The Model

The rationale behind the model structure is centered on trying to make
it easy to enter addresses that may be poorly defined. The model field included
uses Google Maps API v3 (via the nicely done [geocomplete jquery plugin](http://ubilabs.github.io/geocomplete/)) to
determine a proper address where possible. However if this isn't possible the
raw address is used and the user is responsible for breaking the address down
into components.

It's currently assumed any address is represent-able using four components:
country, state, locality and street address. In addition, country code, state
code and postal code may be stored, if they exist.

There are four Django models used:

```
  Country
    name
    code

  State
    name
    code
    country -> Country

  Locality
    name
    postal_code
    state -> State

  Address
    raw
    street_number
    route
    locality -> Locality
```

# Address Field

To simplify storage and access of addresses, a subclass of `ForeignKey` named
`AddressField` has been created. It provides an easy method for setting new
addresses.

## Creation

It can be created using the same optional arguments as a ForeignKey field.
For example:

```python
  from address.models import AddressField

  class MyModel(models.Model):
    address1 = AddressField()
    address2 = AddressField(related_name='+', blank=True, null=True)
```

## Setting Values

Values can be set either by assigning an Address object:

```python
  addr = Address(...)
  addr.save()
  obj.address = addr
```

Or by supplying a dictionary of address components:

```python
  obj.address = {'street_number': '1', route='Somewhere Ave', ...}
```

The structure of the address components is as follows:

```python
  {
    'raw': '1 Somewhere Ave, Northcote, VIC 3070, AU',
    'street_number': '1',
    'route': 'Somewhere Ave',
    'locality': 'Northcote',
    'postal_code': '3070',
    'state': 'Victoria',
    'state_code': 'VIC',
    'country': 'Australia',
    'country_code': 'AU'
  }
```

All except the `raw` field can be omitted. In addition, a raw address may
be set directly:

```python
obj.address = 'Out the back of 1 Somewhere Ave, Northcote, Australia'
```

## Getting Values

When accessed, the address field simply returns an Address object. This way
all components may be accessed naturally through the object. For example::

```python
  route = obj.address.route
  state_name = obj.address.locality.state.name
```

## Forms

Included is a form field for simplifying address entry. A Google maps
auto-complete is performed in the browser and passed to the view. If
the lookup fails the raw entered value is used.

TODO: Talk about this more.

## Partial Example

The model:

```python
from address.models import AddressField

class Person(models.Model):
  address = AddressField()
```

The form:

```
from address.forms import AddressField

class PersonForm(forms.Form):
  address = AddressField()
```

The template:

```html
<head>
{{ form.media }} <!-- needed for JS/GoogleMaps lookup -->
</head>
<body>
  {{ form }}
</body>
```

## Project Status Notes

This library was created by [Luke Hodkinson](@furious-luke) originally focused on Australian addresses.

In 2015 Luke began working to abstract the project so it could handle a wider variety of international addresses.

This became the current `dev` branch.  While good progress was made on this, the branch became stale and releases
continued under the current model architecture on master. 

The project is currently in triage, for releases 0.2.2 and 0.2.3, with a both a model re-architecture and updated 
requirements for 0.3.0. Read more about the project path forward [in this issue](#98).  

If you have questions, bug reports or suggestions please create a New Issue for the project.

Commit message:

Rework example_project readme and add link from main module's readme

README.md, after:

# Django Address 

**Django models for storing and retrieving postal addresses.** 

---

# Overview
Django Address is a set of models and methods for working with postal addresses.

# Requirements
 * Python (3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8)
 * Django (2.2, 3.0)

We **recommend** and only officially support the latest patch release of each Python and Django series. 

# Installation
For more detailed instructions, [view the Readme for the example site](https://github.com/furious-luke/django-address/blob/master/example_site/README.md) included with this package.

```bash
pip install django-address
```

Then, add `address` to your `INSTALLED_APPS` list in `settings.py`:

```python
INSTALLED_APPS = (
    ...
    'address',
    ...
)
```

You wil need to add your Google Maps API key to `settings.py` too:
```
GOOGLE_API_KEY = 'AIzaSyD--your-google-maps-key-SjQBE'
```

# The Model

The rationale behind the model structure is centered on trying to make
it easy to enter addresses that may be poorly defined. The model field included
uses Google Maps API v3 (via the nicely done [geocomplete jquery plugin](http://ubilabs.github.io/geocomplete/)) to
determine a proper address where possible. However if this isn't possible the
raw address is used and the user is responsible for breaking the address down
into components.

It's currently assumed any address is represent-able using four components:
country, state, locality and street address. In addition, country code, state
code and postal code may be stored, if they exist.

There are four Django models used:

```
  Country
    name
    code

  State
    name
    code
    country -> Country

  Locality
    name
    postal_code
    state -> State

  Address
    raw
    street_number
    route
    locality -> Locality
```

# Address Field

To simplify storage and access of addresses, a subclass of `ForeignKey` named
`AddressField` has been created. It provides an easy method for setting new
addresses.

## Creation

It can be created using the same optional arguments as a ForeignKey field.
For example:

```python
  from address.models import AddressField

  class MyModel(models.Model):
    address1 = AddressField()
    address2 = AddressField(related_name='+', blank=True, null=True)
```

## Setting Values

Values can be set either by assigning an Address object:

```python
  addr = Address(...)
  addr.save()
  obj.address = addr
```

Or by supplying a dictionary of address components:

```python
  obj.address = {'street_number': '1', route='Somewhere Ave', ...}
```

The structure of the address components is as follows:

```python
  {
    'raw': '1 Somewhere Ave, Northcote, VIC 3070, AU',
    'street_number': '1',
    'route': 'Somewhere Ave',
    'locality': 'Northcote',
    'postal_code': '3070',
    'state': 'Victoria',
    'state_code': 'VIC',
    'country': 'Australia',
    'country_code': 'AU'
  }
```

All except the `raw` field can be omitted. In addition, a raw address may
be set directly:

```python
obj.address = 'Out the back of 1 Somewhere Ave, Northcote, Australia'
```

## Getting Values

When accessed, the address field simply returns an Address object. This way
all components may be accessed naturally through the object. For example::

```python
  route = obj.address.route
  state_name = obj.address.locality.state.name
```

## Forms

Included is a form field for simplifying address entry. A Google maps
auto-complete is performed in the browser and passed to the view. If
the lookup fails the raw entered value is used.

TODO: Talk about this more.

## Partial Example

The model:

```python
from address.models import AddressField

class Person(models.Model):
  address = AddressField()
```

The form:

```
from address.forms import AddressField

class PersonForm(forms.Form):
  address = AddressField()
```

The template:

```html
<head>
{{ form.media }} <!-- needed for JS/GoogleMaps lookup -->
</head>
<body>
  {{ form }}
</body>
```

## Project Status Notes

This library was created by [Luke Hodkinson](@furious-luke) originally focused on Australian addresses.

In 2015 Luke began working to abstract the project so it could handle a wider variety of international addresses.

This became the current `dev` branch.  While good progress was made on this, the branch became stale and releases
continued under the current model architecture on master. 

The project is currently in triage, for releases 0.2.2 and 0.2.3, with a both a model re-architecture and updated 
requirements for 0.3.0. Read more about the project path forward [in this issue](#98).  

If you have questions, bug reports or suggestions please create a New Issue for the project.
